talks.rst, before:


***********************************************
 Pandas Videos
***********************************************

`The best Pandas Videos <https://PythonLinks.info/pandas>`__ are part of the `The best Python Videos <https://PythonLinks.info>`__ web site.  It is a nand curated taxonomy of Python videos, organized as a tree
of categories, and ranked by up votes versus down votes.  You can watch the introductory video
`here <https://PythonLinks.info/introductory-video>`__.
 
***************
 Pandas Papers
***************

* Data Structures for Statistical Computing in Python; presented at SciPy 2010[`pdf <http://jarrodmillman.com/scipy2010/pdfs/mckinney.pdf>`__][ :download:`bib</_static/reference_data_structures.bib>`]

* pandas: a Foundational Python Library for Data Analysis and Statistics; presented at PyHPC2011 [`pdf <https://www.scribd.com/doc/71048089/pandas-a-Foundational-Python-Library-for-Data-Analysis-and-Statistics>`__][ :download:`bib</_static/reference_foundational_library.bib>`]

Commit message:

Added links to another 100 Pandas videos
Actually it is 97, because 3 overlap. 

There was a valid complaint that PythonLinks does not yet have all of the Pandas Videos, so I added a link to the search page on PyVideo.org.
Together these two web sites represent a quite comprehensive and actively maintained collection of Pandas Videos.
Would this information be helpful to your readers?

talks.rst, after:


***********************************************
 Pandas Videos
***********************************************

`The best Pandas Videos <https://PythonLinks.info/pandas>`__ are part of the `The best Python Videos <https://PythonLinks.info>`__ web site.  It is a nand curated taxonomy of Python videos, organized as a tree
of categories, and ranked by up votes versus down votes.  I invite you to watch the 
`introductory video <https://PythonLinks.info/introductory-video>`__.

If you are looking for still more Pandas talks, as of September 5, 2018,  `PyVideo.org <https://pyvideo.org>`__ has 
`99 Pandas Videos <https://pyvideo.org/search.html?q=pandas>`__ from 2013 - 1017 (but only 1 from 2018).  


 
***************
 Pandas Papers
***************

* Data Structures for Statistical Computing in Python; presented at SciPy 2010[`pdf <http://jarrodmillman.com/scipy2010/pdfs/mckinney.pdf>`__][ :download:`bib</_static/reference_data_structures.bib>`]

* pandas: a Foundational Python Library for Data Analysis and Statistics; presented at PyHPC2011 [`pdf <https://www.scribd.com/doc/71048089/pandas-a-Foundational-Python-Library-for-Data-Analysis-and-Statistics>`__][ :download:`bib</_static/reference_foundational_library.bib>`]
